Apply customer feedback to a troubleshooting guide (#2035)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/troubleshooting-guides/03-80-apirule-v2-introduction/03-80-blocked-in-cluster-communication.md

See the following example of an AuthorizationPolicy that allows internal traffic to the given workload. Note that it excludes traffic coming from `istio-ingressgateway` not to interfere with policies applied by APIRule to external traffic.

To use this code sample, replace `{NAMESPACE}`, `{KEY}`, and `{TARGET_WORKLOAD}` with the values appropriate for your environment.

| Option  | Description  |
|---|---|
|`{NAMESPACE}`   | The namespace to which the AuthorizationPolicy applies. This namespace must include the target workload for which you allow internal traffic. |

> |`{KEY}`:`{TARGET_WORKLOAD}`  | To further restrict the scope of the AuthorizationPolicy, specify label selectors that match the target workloads. Replace these placeholders with the actual key and value of the label. For more information, see [Authorization Policy](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/security/authorization-policy/).  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`{LABEL_KEY}`:`{LABEL_VALUE}`  | To further restrict the scope of the AuthorizationPolicy, specify label selectors that match the target workloads. Replace these placeholders with the actual key and value of the label. For more information, see [Authorization Policy](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/security/authorization-policy/).  Label indicates a specific set of pods on which a policy should be applied. 
The scope of label search is restricted to the configuration namespace in which the AuthorizationPolicy is present. |
```

    ```bash
    kubectl run -n curl-test --image=curlimages/curl test-internal -- /bin/sleep 3600
    ```
3. To test the internal communication, replace the placeholders and run the following command:

    | Option  | Description  |
    |---|---|
    |`{SERVICE_NAME}`   | The name of the exposed Service. |
    |`{NAMESPACE}`   | The namespace in which the Service is applied. |
    |`{PORT}`   | The port number on which the Service is listening for incoming traffic. Defined in the **port** field of the Service's configuration. |
    |`{EXPOSED_PATH}`   | The specific path exposed by the Service that you want to access. |

    ```bash
    kubectl exec -ti -n curl-test test-internal -- curl http://{SERVICE_NAME}.{NAMESPACE}.svc.cluster.local:{PORT}/{EXPOSED_PATH}
    ```
    
    For example, to test the connection to the [Istio HTTPBin Service](https://github.com/istio/istio/blob/master/samples/httpbin/httpbin.yaml) exposed on the `/get` path, you can use the following command:
    
    ```bash
    kubectl exec -ti -n curl-test test-internal -- curl http://httpbin.default.svc.cluster.local:8000/get
    ```

    If successful, the command returns the contents of the specified path.

> 

Author: Good idea, I'll add it
